(laughter, shouting,
whooping)
GERALD: All right,
game time. Let's do this.
Yeah! Our favorite
country singer.
Uh, Willie Nelson.
Female.
First name good--
now, make it
the matriarch of Parenthood.
Uh... Bonnie Bedelia!
Good. Now, your favorite book
when you were six!
Amelia Bedelia!
Time! Time!
That was literally like
watching verbal incest.
Oh, don't be jealous.
I assure you I am not.
Well, you know, this is
sort of a blowout.
Do you guys want
to switch up teams?
Vanessa, you want
to roll with me?
I, uh, give as good
as I take.
I mean I take
as good as I give.
I love taking it.
You can team up
with my mom.
Yeah.
All right.
VANESSA: Okay.
I got it.
Uh... oh, I am this old.
23... 22...
32.
No.
Pass. This is too hard.
GERALD: Okay, uh,
the first letter
of my middle name.
My favorite place to go.
Uh, my favorite dessert.
The name of my blog.
I'm allergic to this.
Give me those.
You're no good at giving clues.
All right.
(clears throat)
Uh, okay, the age I was
when I lost my virginity.
Uh, 16.
Nope.
18.
Wrong way.
Pass. Can I pass?
Fine.
It was Friday the 13th.
Thirteen?!
Damn!
(chuckling):
Wow.
Time.
(weak laugh)
Jenga, anyone?
SARA:
Jimmy, hang on.
No, I played your game,
I drank your tap water,
please let me leave
the suburbs!
Oh, cut it out.
Look, I see how hard
you've been trying lately.
You're welcome.
Not done.
Jimmy, I'm rooting for you,
but you're not really
getting to know Gerald.
Sure, you spend the
appropriate amount
of time with him, but...
It's like your hair.
It looks good
but it's not real.
It is, too!
How many times do I have
to let you tug it?
One more time.
No.
No...
Incredible!
That's just incredible!
You're one to talk about
my relationship with Gerald.
I mean, thanks to you,
he's a wig and a motel away
from being Norman Bates.
One more time.
Yeah.
(gasps)
Ah! (laughs)
It's incredible.
Okay, we get
one more story,
and then we have
to go to bed, okay?
Okay, ready?
Once there was a kingdom,
ruled by
a democratically elected,
mixed-race,
female prime minister.
And there was a princess
in a castle.
And one day, the princess
met the perfect guy.
He had long hair,
and he had those lines
on the sides of his abs,
and he did MMA,
but only for the money,
not because he's violent.
Yeah! But then he died.
Violently.
Mm-hmm.
But she met a better guy,
with medium-brown hair,
who loved 3D printing,
and read the entire
Harry Potter series
in one weekend.
And he was super rich.
In untapped potential.
With a sick ride.
That was also good
for the environment,
'cause it was a bicycle.
And they fell in love and
lived happily ever after.
They did?
I saw an ending
and I took it.
And she was kind of
checked out of this one.
Come on, baby, let's go.
We need to go to bed.
We're outta here.
Ooh!
Can you believe Sara?
I mean,
I've known Gerald a month,
and she expects me to know
what size boxers
the kid wears.
Come on, man.
You know that kid
wears briefs.
He so does, doesn't he?
She thinks I have issues
with Gerald.
She's the one with issues.
I mean, with her movie nights
and her game nights
and her weird
"best friend mom" shtick.
Nights.
Maybe you both have issues.
I pay you to chop, Victor.
Just chop.
Sara's right.
You do have a hard time
getting real with people.
I do not!
Okay.
I am unfulfilled professionally,
and I think
it's making me depressed.
Who got that pepper mill?
I hate this pepper mill.
Get a new pepper mill.
You heard the man!
Get a new pepper mill!
No... that's what
Jimmy does.
Every time somebody
tries to get real with you,
you change the subject,
usually by asking for
a new pepper mill.
(grumbling):
Nah.
Calling off the pepper mill
as a distraction technique.
Are you really unhappy here?
I have been working for
you for ten years,
and I have no more
responsibility
than when I started.
I have ideas!
Well, you know, I'm sorry.
I-I didn't know.
I want to do better.
Go ahead, hit me.
What do you got?
For starters, our bar
scene needs an update.
By which I mean Willy.
What's wrong with Willy?
Bonjour, Monsieur Lemon!
Wow, this one's a fighter!
Ooh! Wow!
ANNELISE:
Look at him!
I swear to God,
the other day,
I heard him say,
"ha-cha-cha."
Hey, Willy, doing any
cocktail specials tonight?
We got some really great
blackberries in.
Blackberries?!
Am I making a drink
or a pie?
(laughing): A pie!
Good one, Willy!
Hey, you want some
seltzer, Jimbo?
Sure!
Oop! Yeah!
This guy.
Yeah.
Our bar's falling
behind, Jimmy.
Let me hire a mixologist--
someone who wears
suspenders ironically.
All right, fine.
You want to hire
a mixologist, go ahead.
To work alongside Willy.
Now, you want some
tips on hiring?
Don't worry, I got this.
Fine. Hire away.
You feel better?
Yeah, actually, I do.
As the first woman in my family
to graduate college, it's--
You see? I listen!
I'm not afraid of intimacy!
I'm going to
get to know my son
the same way
his mother does.
WILLY:
Ooh! Wow! Ooh!
This one's a tough one.
Geez!
(Willy chuckles)
Um, Mom... so, today,
Vanessa told me she's
into my eyes.
Score.
I know.
So, I was gonna be, like,
"Really? 'Cause I'm into you."
Then Edie needed to be changed,
and by the time I was done
with her diaper,
Vanessa was texting
some guy named Jorge.
Hey, uh, what do
you think the emojis
cucumber, cucumber,
yogurt cup mean?
Nothing good.
Great for Jorge, though.
Mm.
So, uh...
what movie we watching?
A little Parisian
gem called...
Are we getting
our Amelie on?
You know it.
(music begins on video)
Hey...
This is normal, right?
Of course.
I mean, I don't like
when our feet touch, but...
Ew.
Oh...
what kind of a
Grey Gardens nightmare
did I just walk into?
What are you doing here?
You and I are gonna
hang out tonight.
We're gonna bomb the crap
out of each other.
You are?
Mm-hmm.
I'm gonna find out
what makes
Gerald E. Kingsley tick.
You know my middle initial.
I don't know what it stands for,
but leave something for later.
I w... I would love to hang.
Uh, um...
we were, we were
gonna watch a movie.
SARA:
Oh!
No!
You guys should go.
I can't even remember
the last time
I had a free night
to myself, to just relax.
I can't wait to...
read that... book.
Okay. I'm ready.
You sure you don't
want to change?
No. I'm good.
Shotgun!
There's no book, is there?
There could be a book.
Ha!
♪ Oh, oh! Oh, oh! ♪
♪ Oh, oh! ♪
Hey...
who's the guy
with the sick hat?
He is keeping it tight
under that vest.
He's the new mixologist
I hired.
Big mistake.
Don't rock the boat.
Trust me, sister.
Not your sister.
Not our dynamic.
Let me take you back
to 2008.
A young Indian dreamer
decides to invent
a fun summer soup.
But... turns out Jimmy
wasn't ready for
the cream of pork.
Cream of pork?
In the summer?
It was chilled.
Why does...? The...
That mixologist,
he's your cream of pork.
He might be delicious,
but don't mess
with what's working.
Don't equate my
smart hiring decision
to your nightmare soup.
I got this.
How about a drink?
Oh, I... I rarely drink.
Liquid calories
and all.
Kind of a husky kid.
Me, too.
Really?
Uh-huh.
(cork pops)
You know what?
Let's do it, right?
You know?
It's, uh, male bonding night.
I will have a virgin colada.
How about a
16-year-old bourbon?
Nine years younger than you.
You know how old I am.
Uh-huh.
♪ ...with a mad man's fear ♪
♪ ♪
That's good.
It's good.
♪ Show 'em how
the other half lives ♪
♪ That man is too slow ♪
(slurping)
And it's expensive, too.
♪ Never too strong... ♪
Listen, I'd like us
to be able to
just talk about
anything tonight.
Just anything we want.
Go ahead.
All right. Yeah.
Mm-hmm.
Oh, oh, oh, okay, okay,
okay, okay.
I have this reoccurring
dream, right?
Where, um, I'm sick, and-and
someone's taking care of me.
But I've never been able
to see their face.
But last night,
last night, I did.
It was you.
You know?
You were my caretaker.
Well, I love that.
Yeah!
Now you share something.
Uh...
Okay, oh, I got one.
I have a reoccurring dream,
that I'm dating Kate Middleton.
And?
That's it.
We're just really
happy together.
♪ Ooh, shotgun... ♪
Can I ask...
one more question?
Yeah. Shoot.
Well, you know,
when we first met,
you said that you'd only
ever been in love once.
And, uh...
that you called each other
"Sushi" and "Ponyboy,"
and, um...
you thought you'd get married.
It was Mom, wasn't it?
Can I get your opinion on
a pepper mill at the restaurant?
What?
It's, uh...
What about you and Mom?
We'll get to that.
We'll get to everything.
But the night's young,
so let's... let's have some fun.
Let's mix it up.
Let's chop it up.
Okay.
All right!
Let the chopping begin!
Oh...
JIMMY:
Yeah!
♪ All I want to do is
drink beers for breakfast ♪
♪ All I want to eat
is them barbecue chips ♪
♪ All is want is someone
just to try to protect us ♪
♪ You can try but you'd never
want to try to defend us ♪
SARA:
Ross?!
Blech!
♪ Yeah, where I'm from ♪
♪ Mama, baby boy's a bum... ♪
Yes, hello, I'd like to switch
to paperless billing.
Oh, I-I already have that.
Great.
♪ All I want to pick
is your nose, honey, hi ♪
♪ Sweet little corner,
you know you gotta be... aha! ♪
♪ I'm dreaming
of a white Christmas... ♪
So where are you?
In India.
Oh.
♪ Honey, where I'm from... ♪
What time is it over there?
♪ Where I'm from,
baby boy's a bum... ♪
Yeah!
Okay, which Friend am I now?
Oh, come on, I'm Monica!
♪ Hey, Mr. Ice Cube ♪
♪ You're the coolest cat
in town. ♪
Willy, I want to introduce you
to your new partner Holden.
New partner?
Holden?
What is this--
a square dance?
I don't need a partner.
Sorry, Willy,
but the decision has been made.
Wait, you hired
Salvador Dalí here
without asking me?
Give us a minute.
I don't have to ask you.
I'm your boss.
Not anymore, honey.
I quit.
Willy...
Jimmy's not gonna
like this.
You know, I gave
Jimmy his first job.
You did?
Yeah, mm-hmm.
I hired him as a bar-back
in '84 at Dan Tana's.
The kid dropped
everything.
One day,
he broke an entire
thousand-dollar bottle
of merlot.
Now, they were gonna fire him.
But I figured he was too pretty
and too delicate
to hack it on the outside.
So I took the fall.
And that's when Jimmy
vowed to me
that when he got
his own restaurant,
he'd take care of me.
And we've been together
ever since.
I guess you ruined everything.
Ha-cha-cha.
You still got this?
I do.
This will not be
my chilled pork soup.
Well, you should
taste it first.
East Hollywood Minimart, right?
Best soft-serve in L.A.
Let's see.
Mmm, yummy!
Right?
Yeah.
Tonight was the best, man.
I mean, we didn't really
talk about anything,
but who cares, right?
All right.
"Ponyboy and Sushi"--
you got one question.
Shoot.
Yes! Okay, um,
(stammers) Did she
know how you felt?
No, no! Wait, wait!
Why didn't you tell her?
(stammers)
Do you still love her?
Whoa. Whoa, whoa, whoa.
All right,
when I met your mom,
she was this, uh,
she was this hot rocker chick.
All right,
she was the only girl cook
in this restaurant
we worked at and-- oh, God--
I chased her for months before
she gave me the time of day.
Then we started dating,
and, uh... you know,
I was this young hot shot.
I always had
one foot out the door.
But, I mean, y-you said she's
the only girl you've ever loved.
Yes, yes, but I thought
the timing was all wrong.
I thought that I had forever.
But, see, that's
the thing about timing.
Delay, delay, delay,
then suddenly...
it's too late.
Ancient history.
"Suddenly it's too late."
Wow, it's so--
No, don't-don't start.
Don't start that.
I'm a sympathy vomiter.
(both retching)
Okay, see, now it's--
I'm gonna get us some water.
Hold on, stay right there.
They didn't have water,
so I got this
foreign soda
called So Funky.
Gerald?
Gerald!
I'll be your Gerald.
No thank you.
Gerald?
Jimmy, what the hell?
Do you know
what time it is?!
Yeah, it's 9:45.
Correct.
I was just getting
ready to go out.
This is the robe I wear
when I'm getting ready to--
We don't have time
for your weird little lie!
I lost our son!
He drank $300-worth
of small-batch bourbon
and just disappeared.
Oh, relax, you and I never had
a night out
when we weren't drunk.
You didn't see the kid.
He peed in my ficus.
He's not answering.
Okay, fine.
I'll go get the dress
I was gonna put on
right before you--
Nobody cares what time
you went to bed.
This gift basket is full of hay!
That it on the Jordan almonds?
You can have all the
Jordan almonds you want
if you come back.
It's never been
about the almonds for me.
You expect me to work
alongside this teenage bobo.
That's very disrespectful.
You're right.
Ravi, give him some money.
No, why don't you
give me some money?
You're always eating
my Indian sweets.
No, I'm not.
the gulab jamun
on your breath right now.
Willy, please come
back, please.
You know what?
This gets a big old
"I don't need it."
Hey, guys,
I made some snacks.
Luckily, I always keep
mini-quiches on hand
in case anyone drops by
to visit me or dad.
I throw away
a lot of mini-quiches.
Mmm.
You made this?
Oh, yeah.
It's something I like
to call a Tahitian julep.
Instead of mint,
I use passion fruit.
You're a bartender, too?
Oh, not really.
I can't travel 'cause of Dad,
so I like to make things
that taste like
the places I'll never see.
(chuckles)
Willy?
How would you like
to work with someone
talented, free-spirited
and beautiful?
You know Rachel Ray?
SARA:
What were you guys
doing over here?
Eating ice cream.
Ooh! East Hollywood
Minimart?
It's so depressing that
that's a destination
for you two.
Hey, maybe we should
just give up.
He's probably dead.
I had a good run with him.
Sucks for you, though,
because you barely
got to know him.
Stop mocking me.
This is all your fault.
When you raise a sweet man-boy
with a romantic female soul.
See, this is another example
of how much
you don't know your son.
He's been taking care of himself
for a long time.
There was one summer
where he spent every day
in a sporting goods store
because I couldn't afford camp.
What section did he hang out in?
'Cause he certainly
can't play catch.
♪ I'm sorry but I just... ♪
Oh, no! What are you doing?
I like that song!
I never want to hear
that song again.
Remember we were
driving to Joshua Tree
and that was the only single
we could listen to,
because you forgot
my cassette tapes.
You think I forgot them?
I just didn't want to listen
to U2 all weekend.
Well, we were going
to Joshua Tree
and-and the album
was called Joshua Tree--
Yeah, I get it!
♪ I'm gonna always be there... ♪
(cell phone ringing)
It's Gerald.
Hey, where are you?
And why haven't you
answered my calls tonight?
I just want to thank you
for what I'm about to do.
You have inspired me, my friend.
I am not gonna delay anymore.
What are you talking about?
Where are you?
Don't you worry your pretty
little head about that.
WOMAN (over intercom):
Next stop, Echo Park Avenue.
Echo Park?
Oh, no!
JIMMY:
Whoa, whoa!
What are you doing?
He's going to Vanessa's.
He's gonna tell her
he's in love with her.
In the middle of the night?
What is this--
a cheesy rom-com?
Aw, you're right.
I raised him on girly
movies and feelings!
I gave him a female soul!
What do you think he's doing?
Standing outside her window
with a, with a boombox
over his head?
Quite possibly.
We watched that last week.
Of course you did.
That's it--
next movie night
I'm showing him Road House.
SARA:
There he is.
What is that-- a drone?
Oh, we got to stop him.
What are you thinking
disappearing like that?
I was worried sick about you.
You were?
Well, not "sick,"
it was casual.
It was a cool amount
of worry.
I have to tell Vanessa
I'm in love with her.
Via drone?
It's the only way.
I can think of so
many other ways.
This is for you, Vanessa!
♪ ♪
He made this?
It's incredible.
If Vanessa doesn't
want to be with him,
I'm gonna date him myself.
SARA:
Oh, I knew our movie nights
were good for him.
You shook my confidence,
but deep down, I knew.
GERALD:
Vanessa, do you see this?
Hola, Geraldo.
Buenas noches,
Abuela!
Vanessa
is not here.
She's not?
Do you want some
arroz con pollo?
No gracias.
I'm gonna bring you some.
(music stops playing)
She missed it.
Well, you should
still feel proud.
(car engine humming)
She's here!
Game time!
Hey, guys,
what's going on?
This is what's going on!
Damn, wrong button!
Do something!
(mumbles)
(all gasp)
That was a, uh,
a-a cool video, Gerald.
Thanks for showing me that.
(shushes)
Okay, we'll see ya.
Good night, Vanessa.
(Gerald laughs)
I'm never drinking again.
Hey, um, my journal's
on my nightstand.
Will you write down all the good
stuff that happened tonight?
No, but I will read it
and make fun of you.
Well, you can't
'cause it's locked.
Joke's on you.
It really feels like
it's on you, pal.
Sorry tonight
was such a disaster.
Oh, it wasn't such a disaster.
I mean, if I was
the type of person
to talk about my feelings,
I'd tell you that I'm sorry
that I haven't been better
about connecting with you.
Thanks, Dad.
Is that the first time
you called me Dad?
Yeah, I think it was.
Get out.
I'm gonna blow.
No, I'm good.
But I thought
you hated vomit.
It's okay, go ahead.
Ooh!
That's all right.
I'm fine now.
Did you hire a mixologist
who Willy could work with?
Come on, of course I did.
Hey, Jimmy,
how come you never told us
Willy got you your first job?
It's nice that that's
why you keep him around.
That's not why I
keep him around.
I keep him around
because I feel bad
that I had sex
with his daughter.
20 years ago.
You did?
Did it end well?
Like, so well
you'd be excited to see her
around every day?
No, she's crazy.
Crazy awesome?
AIDA:
Hey, Jimmy.
So great seeing you.
I'm gonna go help my
dad cut some lemons.
The one that
got away, Jimbo.
Dad!
(laughs)